[ADD] sale_substate 12.0 (#955)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_substate/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module allows to add a substate to sale order.
For each sale order state you can define a substate.

> We this module you can define substate which allow you extendiding sale workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this module substates can be defined allowing to extend the sales workflow.
```

For example, you can add substate "waiting for legal documents" if 

> the order can not be validated without this document (sale a car for exemple).    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the order can not be validated without this document (sell a car for example).    
```
